Usage:
    Assuming a lookup table of 'lookuptable', a flow log file of 'flowlog' and
    an output file of 'output', this program would be called as follows:
        python3 ./flowmap.py lookuptable flowlog output


Assumptions made:
    1) Since tag names are case insensitive and the same tag name may appear in
        the lookup table with different case variation, all tag names will be
        reported in upper case.
    2) All protocol fields reported will be in lower case, as to more closely
        match the sample output.
    3) Each field in the lookup table may contain a whitespace. Everything after
        the whitespace in a field will be discarded.
    4) Each port and protocol combination may only have a single tag. Additional
        tags will overwrite the prior port and protocol combination.
    5) The lookup table and flow log files shall be properly formatted. This
        program will not do input validation outside of checking the number of
        columns.
    6) Both the lookup table and flow log files may contain a hash as the first
        character in a line to indicate that this line is a comment.
    7) This program shall be used with a custom flow log file containing the
        following fields separated by whitespace:
            version protocol IP_address src_port dst_port flow_direction status
    8) This program only considers the dst_port in its reporting.
    9) This program will count both egress and ingress lines in its reporting.
    10) This program will overwrite an existing file, if specified, to generate
        output.
    11) Titles and headings from the sample output will match what was sent in
        the email description as closely as possible.
    12) Ports in the flow log and lookup table shall be numeric values only.


Notes:
    1) I am not sure why port 23 and 443 in the sample output are followed by
        full stops. My sample files contain only numeric values for ports.
    2) Since the sample lookup table contains a stray x for '23,tcp,sv_P1 x',
        this program will discard a whitespace in a field and anything that
        follows in the lookup table file. This distinction will not be made in
        the flow log file.
    3) This program only works with Python3.
    4) To generate a flow log close to 10MB in size and a lookup table with
        1000 entries with a tag range of sv_P{0-499}:
            python3 genflowlog.py 240000 flowlog_big
            python3 genlookuptable.py 1000 500 lookuptable_big
    5) Using the files above, I was able to process the flow log map in the
        following time:
            >time python3 flowmap.py lookuptable_big flowlog_big output_big
            python3 flowmap.py lookuptable_big flowlog_big output_big  0.24s user 0.02s system 99% cpu 0.258 total
    6) Output will be left aligned and padded for 10 characters per field.
    7) Failures with file and parsing operations are not recoverable and will
        generate exceptions.
    8) This is my first Python project from scratch.